doc: kv hardware requirement (#28)
0glabs/0g-doc: docs/build-with-0g/serving-network/overview.md

---
id: overview
title: Overview
sidebar_position: 1
---

![architecture](./architecture.png)

> The 0G Serving Network is designed to seamlessly connect service providers with service users, making it easy for anyone capable of providing services to reach potential customers. It supports AI service providers by integrating with various AI services, enabling them to charge for their offerings while ensuring that the services delivered to users are verifiable.

Reviewer: Minor edit: Suggest this phrasing:
The 0G Serving Network is designed to seamlessly connect AI users and providers, making it easy for AI users to access a wide range of compute and model services. As part of this, the framework is built to provide trust and settlement between providers and users that do not know each other, as would be expected in the distributed AI economy. 

We additionally integrate with many different sources of AI demand, enabling them to charge for their offerings while ensuring that the services delivered to users are verifiable.

## Components

> **Contract:** This component stores key variables during the service process, including account information, service details (such as name and URL), and consensus logic. It determines the legitimacy of settlement proofs, manages accounts, and handles service information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Contract:** This component determines the legitimacy of settlement proofs, manages accounts, and handles service information. To do this, it stores variables during the service process, including account information, service details (such as name and URL), and consensus logic. 
```

**Provider:** These are the owners of models and hardware who offer their services to earn revenue.

> **User Broker:** These individuals use the services. They can either directly access the provider's services or use these services to develop their own applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**User:** Individuals or organizations who use the services listed by providers. It is possible to use AI services directly and build applications on top of our API. ```

## Process Overview

> Here's a concise description of how the 0G Serving Network operates:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The 0G Serving Network implements the following workflow:
```

1. **Service Registration**
   - Providers register their services' types, URLs, and prices in the smart contract.

> 2. **User Pre-Deposit**

Reviewer: Do we want to call it a stake? 
```suggestion
2. **User Stake**
```

>    - Users pre-deposit a certain amount into the smart contract to cover service fees.

Reviewer: How are these fees determined, and why are they needed? Suggest we include in next version.

Reviewer 2: Revised the expression: Users deposit a certain amount into the smart contract for service fees. If the accumulated charges from user requests exceed their deposit, the provider will stop responding.

Some billing details and mechanisms will be added to the documentation in the next version once the compute network is more refined.
